Code of Conduct
===============

All attendees, speakers, sponsors and volunteers at our conference are
required to agree with the following code of conduct. Organisers will
enforce this code throughout the event. We are expecting cooperation
from all participants to help ensuring a safe environment for everybody.

tl;dr: Be excellent with each other

Need Help?
----------

Please tweet/DM us at [@cssclasseshh](https://twitter.com/cssclasseshh)
or talk to us directly.

The Quick Version
-----------------

Our meetup is dedicated to providing a harassment-free experience for
everyone, regardless of gender, age, sexual orientation, disability,
physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do not tolerate
harassment of participants in any form. Sexual language and imagery is
not appropriate for any parts of our events, including talks, workshops,
Twitter and other online media. Attendees violating these rules may be
sanctioned or expelled from this meetup and/or any future meetups at the
discretion of the usergroup organisers.

The Less Quick Version
----------------------

Harassment includes offensive verbal comments related to gender, sexual
orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, religion,
sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking,
following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of
talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome
sexual attention.

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply
immediately.

Sponsors are also subject to the anti-harassment policy. In particular,
sponsors should not use sexualised images, activities, or other
material.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the usergroup organisers
may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the
offender or expulsion from the meetup and/or any future meetups.

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed,
or have any other concerns, please contact any of the team members
immediately.

We will be happy to help participants contact local law enforcement,
provide escorts, or otherwise assist those experiencing harassment to
feel safe for the duration of the event. We value your attendance.

We expect participants to follow these rules at meetup and workshop
venues and usergroup-related social events.

* * * * *

Original source and credit: [http://2012.jsconf.us/\#/about](http://2012.jsconf.us/#/about) & [The Ada Initiative](http://geekfeminism.wikia.com/wiki/Conference_anti-harassment/Policy)

Please help by translating or improving: [http://github.com/leftlogic/confcodeofconduct.com](http://github.com/leftlogic/confcodeofconduct.com)

This work is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/deed.en_US)
